movies-web-application/README.md, before:

# MoviesWebApplication

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.15.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

finishing design and logic for main homepage to show list of movies finishing design and logic for page of single movie to show its details adding some methods in moviesService with related urls adding needed models and packages adding needed comments in ReadMe

movies-web-application/README.md, after:

# MoviesWebApplication

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.15.

## Task Notes
The task is to show all list of movies in homepage, with toggle button to show marked ones as favourite, and on clicking on show details to navigate to new page with details.

## Problems Found
The authentication api didn't work properly, so I added their implementation and didn't use them, so I saved the favourite movies  to local storage to show the filter working.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
